BRIDGE FOUNDRY, INC.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
MEETING MINUTES

November 19th, 2025

Board Members Present: Melissa Xie, Sarah Allen, Margaret Parsa
	
This meeting of the Bridge Foundry Board of Directors was held on Wednesday, November 19, 05:30 p.m. PT, having a quorum with everyone participating through an online video conference with live audio and screen-sharing.

Sarah Allen motioned to update the [Bridge Foundry Background Check Policy](https://github.com/bridgefoundry/operations/blob/main/docs/corporate-docs/policy/background-check-policy.md). We have changed vendors and in doing so would like to generalize the policy to remove specific mention of a prior vendor and its information sources.  The revised policy is attached here as an addendum.

This motion was duly seconded by Melissa Xie and passed unanimously by the board.

The board reviewed and unanimously accepted the November 19th, 2025 minutes.

Respectfully submitted,


Margaret Parsa

___________________
Recording Secretary


Addendum

Background Check Policy
November 19, 2025

Bridge Foundry runs a criminal background check for all employees, contractors, and volunteers who will be making payments out of Bridge Foundry accounts. Before a background check is conducted, the individual must sign a release form that complies with the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA).

Candidates for these roles may be disqualified on the basis of any criminal history related to fraud or financial misconduct. Other types of criminal history may also be a basis for disqualification if they relate to the candidate’s ability to perform their role appropriately. Candidates should not be disqualified for unrelated history.
